
JSesh development architecture.

If you simply intend  to use JSesh, you should download a JSesh-install.jar
file and type "java -jar JSesh-install.jar".

If you want to modify JSesh or participate in its development, you have downloaded the 
right files.

HOW TO compile jsesh:
---------------------

normally, you can just type :

ant -f build-eclipse.xml compile

It will create and run jsesh. Then, you will find the needed jar files in the "dist" directory.
You can manually copy those and the content of "lib" in a directory, you can then run JSesh
using "java -jar jsesh.jar".

Now, the normal way to run JSesh is to build the installer and start it. To do this, you 
need to set a few values in resources/builder/local.prop.

Read the corresponding file to do so.


Local settings :
----------------

Some libraries (for size and copyright reasons) don't come with JSesh. Besides, 
you might want to change a few things, like the directory where JSesh is installed.

The properties you want to change are defined in the file 
	"resources/builder/local.prop"
if this file doesn't exist, there is a model file for it called local.prop.orig
(still in the resources/builder directory).


Destination directory :
You can change the destination directory by setting the DESTDIR property in local.prop.

Building the installer:
----------------------

JSesh is currently packaged as an executable jar installer, built with the great IzPack package.
If you want to build such a file, which is very nice to get a user-friendly installation on a machine,
you should get the following libraries :
	IzPack : the installer builder
	jarbundler : the macintosh application bundler
	
You can download them from their original sites, but just to be sure we use the same
versions, they are mirrored at 
	http://www.iut.univ-paris8.fr/~rosmord/JSesh/download/ThirdPartyLibs/

Once you have installed them, 
set the properties IZPACK and JARBUNDLER in the local.prop file. Currently, I use version 1.9 of jarbundler.


Working on JSesh with eclipse
-----------------------------

If you configure jarbundler and want to build an installer for JSesh in ECLIPSE, you will likely meet the error message:
	java.lang.NoClassDefFoundError: org/apache/xml/serialize/OutputFormat

This is because jarbundler uses xerces, which is not included in eclipse internal version of ant.
Either use plain old ant from the command line, which works fine, or add xercesImpl.jar and xml-apis.jar to eclipse ant classpath
(information found on http://raibledesigns.com/wiki/Wiki.jsp?page=AppFuseEclipse)

(For more details on this, write me : serge.rosmorduc@qenherkhopeshef.org !)

